# JavaGuru Test-001

Student project. 

## Product Accounting System.

The goal of the project is implementation of **CRUD operations**. The program has to have functions for add, delete and receive a product from the database.

The minimum requirements (possible menu items): 

1. Add a product
2. Get a product by id
3. Get the list of all products
4. Delete a product by id.

The program is to have at least one `Interface` or `Abstract Class` with reasonable use. At least one collection (any of List, Map or Set). Naming of classes, methods and variables are very important. No comments are allowed. The code should be understandable without any comments. 

### The main entity is Product.

Mandatory fields are: 
 * The name of product. Should be type `String` (example: Apple)
 * The product identification number (id). Should be `Long` (example: 123)
 * The price of product. Type is `BigDecimal` (example: 0.14)
 * The category of product. Type is `enum` (example: FRUIT)

Optional fields are:
 * Discount for the product. Type is `BigDecimal` (example: 0.05) (5%)
 * Description of the product. Type is `String`. (example: Tasty apples from Latvia)

The product should not be registered if the mandatory fields are not populated. In this case the program must inform user about incorrect input. 

The identification number of the product should not be entered by user but has to be generated by the program automatically. For example, the number for the first product is 0 and for the next product should be 1, etc.

In the case of discount for the product the actual price has to be displayed along with the regular price. See the example below:

```
Product information:

Id: 123
Name: Apple
Regular price: 0.14
Discount: 50%
Actual price: 0.07
```

For the InMemoryDatabase it is possible to use any of the collections.
